Add highlevel info about how write leader selection works (#5580)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/routing/index.mdx

routing configuration changes as decided by the EDB Postgres Distributed cluster.
It ensures that the connections are routed to the correct nodes consistently.

The information about currently selected write and read nodes is visible in
`bdr.node_group_routing_summary`. Note that this is node-local view, the proxy
always reads from Raft leader to get current and consistent view.

## Leader selection

> The write leader is selected by the current Raft leader (either group one or global one,

Reviewer: local and global? The language previously mandated was sub-group and top-level. The reason for not saying local and global was that the group may not be geo-local and the cluster may not be globally distributed.

```suggestion
The write leader is selected by the current Raft leader (either subgroup one or top-level group one,
```

Author: Sure I don't mind, I am used to Kubernetes and TPA calling this global and local

Reviewer: I understand completely.... (and I'd love to switch to local and global for simplicity, but I'll keep this conistent with the other content.

> depending on whether the leader for local group or global cluster is being selected).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depending on whether the leader for sub-group or the cluster's top level group is being selected).
```

Leader is selected from candidate nodes which are reachable and meet the criteria based
on the configuration as described bellow. To be a viable candidate, node has to have
`route_writes` enabled and `route_fence` disabled and be within `route_writer_max_lag`
(if enabled) from previous leader. The candidates are ordered by their `route_priority`
in descending order and by the lag from previous leader in ascending order.

New leader selection process is started when there is either no existing leader currently
(this could be because there were no valid candidates or because Raft was down), or when
connectivity is lost to the existing leader.

A Node is considered connected if the last Raft protocol message received from by the leader
it is not older than Raft election timeout

> (see [Internal settings - Raft timeouts](../pgd-settings#internal-settings---raft-timeouts) ).

Reviewer: This content is now in the reference section. URL changed.

```suggestion
(see [Internal settings - Raft timeouts](/pgd/latest/reference/pgd-settings#internal-settings---raft-timeouts) ).
```
